Documentation for core organization API (#40)
scarf-sh/docs: docs/api.md

`Authorization: Bearer <token>`

### Organizations 

> This sections describes the available API endpoints for managing organiations on Scarf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the available API endpoints for managing organizations on Scarf.
```
